I live in a house near the mountains.
I have two brothers and one sister, and I was born last.
My father teaches mathematics, and my mother is a nurse at a big hospital.
My brothers are very smart and work hard in school.
My sister is a nervous girl, but she is very kind.
My grandmother also lives with us.
She came from Italy when I was two years old.
She has grown old, but she is still very strong.
She cooks the best food!

My family is very important to me.
We do lots of things together.
My brothers and I like to go on long walks in the mountains.
My sister likes to cook with my grandmother.
On the weekends we all play board games together.
We laugh and always have a good time.
I love my family very much.

First, I wake up.
Then, I get dressed.
I walk to school.
I do not ride a bike.
I do not ride the bus.
I like to go to school.
It rains.
I do not like rain.
I eat lunch.
I eat a sandwich and an apple.

I play outside.
I like to play.
I read a book.
I like to read books.
I walk home.
I do not like walking home.
My mother cooks soup for dinner.
The soup is hot.
Then, I go to bed.
I do not like to go to bed.

Hi!
Nice to meet you!
My name is John Smith.
I am 19 and a student in college.
I go to college in New York.
My favorite courses are Geometry, French, and History.
English is my hardest course.
My professors are very friendly and smart.
I love it!

I live in a big house on Ivy Street.
I share the house with three other students.
Their names are Bill, Tony, and Paul.
We help each other with homework.
On the weekend, we play football together.

I have a younger brother.
He just started high school.
He is 14 and lives with my parents.
They live on Mulberry Street in Boston.
Sometimes they visit me in New York.
I am happy when they visit.
My Mom always brings me sweets and candy when they come.
I really miss them, too!

Every year we go to Florida.
We like to go to the beach.

My favorite beach is called Emerson Beach.
It is very long, with soft sand and palm trees.
It is very beautiful.
I like to make sandcastles and watch the sailboats go by.
Sometimes there are dolphins and whales in the water!

Every morning we look for shells in the sand.
I found fifteen big shells last year.
I put them in a special place in my room.
This year I want to learn to surf.
It is hard to surf, but so much fun!
My sister is a good surfer.
She says that she can teach me.
I hope I can do it!

Jack was hungry.
He walked to the kitchen.
He got out some eggs.
He took out some oil.
He placed a skillet on the stove.
Next, he turned on the heat.
He poured the oil into the skillet.
He cracked the eggs into a bowl.
He stirred the eggs.
Then, he poured them into the hot skillet.
He waited while the eggs cooked.
They cooked for two minutes.
He heard them cooking.
They popped in the oil.

Next, Jack put the eggs on a plate.
He placed the plate on the dining room table.
Jack loved looking at his eggs.
They looked pretty on the white plate.
He sat down in the large wooden chair.
He thought about the day ahead.
He ate the eggs with a spoon.
They were good.

He washed the plate with dishwashing soap.
Then, he washed the pan.
He got a sponge damp.
Finally, he wiped down the table.
Next, Jack watched TV.

Smith have one son and one daughter.
The son is name is John.
The daughter is name is Sarah.

The Smiths live in a house.
They have a living room.
They watch TV in the living room.
The father cooks food in the kitchen.
They eat in the dining room.
The house has two bedrooms.
They sleep in the bedrooms.
They keep their clothes in the closet.
There is one bathroom.
They brush their teeth in the bathroom.

The house has a garden.
John and Sarah play in the garden.
They have a dog.
John and Sarah like to play with the dog.

I just returned from the greatest summer vacation!
It was so fantastic, I never wanted it to end.
I spent eight days in Paris, France.
My best friends, Henry and Steve, went with me.
We had a beautiful hotel room in the Latin Quarter, and it wasn’t even expensive.
We had a balcony with a wonderful view.

We visited many famous tourist places.
My favorite was the Louvre, a well-known museum.
I was always interested in art, so that was a special treat for me.
The museum is so huge, you could spend weeks there.

We took lots of breaks and sat in cafes along the river Seine.
The French food we ate was delicious.
The wines were tasty, too.
Steve is favorite part of the vacation was the hotel breakfast.
He said he would be happy if he could eat croissants like those forever.
We had so much fun that we are already talking about our next vacation!

Lucas goes to school every day of the week.
His mother packs a big backpack full of books and lunch for Lucas.

His first class is English, and he likes that teacher very much.
His English teacher says that he is a good pupil, which Lucas knows means that she thinks he is a good student.

His next class is art.
He draws on paper with crayons and pencils and sometimes uses a ruler.
Lucas likes art.
It is his favorite class.

His third class is science.
This class is very hard for Lucas to figure out, but he gets to work with his classmates a lot, which he likes to do.
His friend, Kyle, works with Lucas in science class, and they have fun.

Then Lucas gets his break for lunch.
He sits with Kyle while he eats.
The principal, or the headmaster as some call him, likes to walk around and talk to students during lunch to check that they are all behaving.

The next class is mathematics, which most of the students just call math.
Kyle has trouble getting a good grade in mathematics, but the teacher is very nice and helpful.

His fourth class is gym.
It is just exercising.

History is his last class of the day Lucas has a hard time staying awake.
Many lessons are boring, and he is very tired after doing gym.

There are seven days of the week, or uniquely named 24-hour periods designed to provide scheduling context and make time more easily measureable.
Each of these days is identifiable by specific plans, moods, and tones.
Most students attend school in the morning and return home in the afternoon (usually from about eight until three or seven until two), and most workers go to work in the morning and return home in the evening (usually from nine to five or eight to four).
Tuesday is the second day of the week, and is in many ways similar to Monday.


Friday is the fifth day of the week, and marks the end of the workweek and school-week for the vast majority of employees and students.

Saturday is perhaps the most highly regarded day of the week.
Because Sunday follows it (and there is presumably no work or school to attend, for most individuals), everyone is free to stay out (or awake) until late at night, having fun with plans or other leisure-related activities.
To be sure, Saturday is generally thought of as a day to partake in hobbies that could not otherwise be enjoyed during the regular week.

Sunday is the final day of the week, and is used by most as a day of rest.
Fewer late-night plans are made on Sundays, compared to Saturdays, as most individuals have to wake up for work or school on Monday morning.
How has your semester been?
I wanted to send you an email update to you let you know how things have been going during my semester abroad here in Málaga, Spain. I've already been here for six weeks, and I feel like I am finally adapting to the culture. I'm also speaking the language more fluently.

I arrived during the first week of September.
The weather has been very nice.
In fact, I went to the beach and swam in the Mediterranean Sea earlier today.

I am living with a very welcoming host family.
I have my own private bedroom, but we eat breakfast, lunch, and dinner together.
On Sundays, we eat a big home-cooked paella for lunch.
In Spain, lunch is usually the biggest meal of the day.
I am actually just waking up from my nap right now!

On weekdays, I take classes at the local university.
There, I met several native Spanish speakers.
They have been very kind and patient with me.
At first, I struggled to comprehend their Spanish, but now I understand most of our conversations.
They have commented that my Spanish has improved a lot since we first met.
Now, I am more confident to use the language in other places like stores and restaurants.

I am so glad that I decided to spend the semester here in Spain.
We have an extended weekend coming up, so a group of my friends and I are going to travel to France for four days.
I love it!

I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Like I said, do not hesitate to stay in touch more often.
Perhaps you could even come to visit!
What do you think?

My family at home
My family lives in a small house.
It has a large garden.
I like to work in the garden but my sister hates to work in the garden.
She prefers to read.
She reads in the morning, in the afternoon and at night.

I give all of the vegetables to mom and dad.
They like to cook in our small kitchen.
I eat any vegetable but my sister eats only a few.

My family always eats breakfast and dinner together.
We talk.
We laugh.
Then my sister washes the dishes.

At night dad likes to listen to music.
Mom works on the computer.
I watch television.
And my sister reads.

Soon we go to bed.
My parents go to bed late but my sister and I go to bed early.

My family at home
My family lives in a small house.
It has a large garden.
I like to work in the garden but my sister hates to work in the garden.
She prefers to read.
She reads in the morning, in the afternoon and at night.

I give all of the vegetables to mom and dad.
They like to cook in our small kitchen.
I eat any vegetable but my sister eats only a few.

My family always eats breakfast and dinner together.
We talk.
We laugh.
Then my sister washes the dishes.

At night dad likes to listen to music.
Mom works on the computer.
I watch television and my sister reads.

Soon we go to bed.
My parents go to bed late but my sister and I go to bed early.


My name is Bob.
Each day I drive my kids to school.
My daughter goes to a school that is far from our house.
It takes 30 minutes to get there.
Then I drive my son to his school.

My daughter is in the sixth grade and my son is in the second.
They are both good students.
My daughter usually sings her favorite songs while I drive.
My son usually sleeps.

I say good morning to all my workmates then I get a big cup of hot coffee.
I turn on my computer and read my email.
Some days I have a lot to read.
Soon I need another cup of coffee.
Most individuals do not think about numbers, or numerical representations of quantity, but they play a major part in everyday life.
To be sure, numbers determine the time individuals will wake up in the morning, how much money employees earn per hour, what day of the year it is, and much, much more.

Additionally, numbers impact everyday living on a much smaller scale.
In the grocery store, for instance, numbers determine products prices, the amount of a product available for purchase, how much money will need to be paid for products, and a whole lot else.

My name is Clark, and I will tell you about my city.

I live in an apartment.
In my city, there is a post office where people mail letters.
On Monday, I go to work.
I work at the post office.
Everyone shops for food at the grocery store.
They also eat at the restaurant.
The restaurant serves pizza and ice cream.

My friends and I go to the park.
We like to play soccer at the park.
On Fridays, we go to the cinema to see a movie.
Children do not go to school on the weekend.
Each day, people go to the hospital when they are sick.
The doctors and nurses take care of them.
The police keep everyone safe.
I am happy to live in my city.

George is at the pet store, looking at what kind of pet he might want to get for his birthday.
George asked if he could have a horse, but his parents said no because horses are too big.

First, he sees dogs and cats.
Baby dogs are called puppies.
Baby cats are called kittens.
George likes them because they are easy to take care of and can play a lot, but they will get bigger.
George wants a small pet.

Then George sees animals that have to live in a cage.
He sees rabbits, guinea pigs, and mice.
Mice are what you call more than one mouse.
He likes these animals because they are small.
Birds live in cages too.
George sees a parrot and a canary.
He likes them all, but he does not want to clean the cage.

George sees the animals in tanks.
The tanks full of water have fish and turtles in them.
He thinks about a goldfish but decides he likes the turtles more.
There are also tanks with rocks and sand that have snakes, spiders, and scorpions, but George is afraid of them.
Turtles need bigger tanks, so they can swim sometimes and hide sometimes.

George decides he wants to get a turtle for his birthday.
He buys a book on how to take care of a turtle and a list of what types of turtles the store has.
